alright fuckers and buckets every now
and then you get a bike that's set for
years and years and years and you know
you can end up polishing everything
anyway but you want to do as little
polishing as possible well there's this
wonderful product it's one of my
favorites Marvel Mystery all know they
don't pay me to do this shit I wish they
would I need the money
but this aluminum oxide that's on these
Forks on the engine - I've already
started on the engine I'll show you some
before and afters hey look at that
you can spend half the morning trying to
get that same result and when you're
done yeah you know hey stick it in the
parts washer before you stick it on the
buffer but before you stick the buffer
on it
and on your chrome where it's all pitted
and rusted going ahead and wipe it down
with the Marvel this drill come back and
do it again the next day and that rust
would be just about gone a lot quicker
than sitting there trying to fill it
with chrome polish and a lot of times
you can actually save muskie chrome this
old Honda chrome a lot of it was nickel
underneath well I'm not sure it was
nickel brass in it was a lot of the old
Harley chrome was actual nickel all the
way through that's why that shit never
came loose no good fan that I've done
said something good about a fucking
Harley hey we're talking 1970
to set this up here this chrome is nasty
I could bring it right down to the metal
underneath and when I take this sucker
off to polish it it ain't gonna be
nothing to go to go into and I've
knocked off about three-quarters of that
rust and that one little strip just that
quick right in front you there and we
ain't gonna do though as seen on tv
graph where you know they're done in two
seconds now take me about 20 minutes to
rub this out get the rust off of it
leave it sit overnight and get the rest
of the rust off over tomorrow now on
these painted surfaces with rust don't
worry about that shit that's just gone
in to be plaster anyway before you
repaint it good luck on your aluminum
for your engine
if you have to get it off of there if
you're going to polish the bike without
pulling everything which I am going to
pull everything but just take some
regular engine degreaser the kind where
you run your engine up for about ten
minutes get it good and warm and then
hit it with a pressure washer stuff
works wonderful look at that it just
breaks that right off of there all that
aluminum oxide just goes right away
marvel mister all this some wonderful
wonderful stuff I wish they send me a
free t-shirt I'm saying that because I
got a buddy that works for the fuckers
I've been after him for a t-shirt for
years he won't give me one he's got the
Hat does that count
but like all up in your engine parts up
here up in this valley that sucker with
some more will mr. off
I mean it just breaks away years and
years stuff right away
and a really bad white aluminum oxide
watch this
and just social some Yankee out
la-la-land doesn't say that all that did
was comes with uh person shit watch this
here take me a dry rag anywhere we're
off done
and that aluminium oxide is gone and
I've taken 20 or 30 hours of polishing
down to about two or three now still
spend half a day maybe a day polishing
all this they get that national clean
this marble mister all that stuff is
wonderful stuff
it is the best aluminum oxide cutter I
mean as far as quick fasting a heartbeat
rust cutter on Chrome it works beautiful
I left a spot here right at the bottom
of the wheel from last night see I'd let
that soak there get this up here to
where I've let that soak through there
and there's still some pitting in there
take care of the rest of that with some
chrome polish but that's comparison
that's a part that I didn't like so you
know I just did that so you can see this
stuff actually does save you a lot of
work and it can stick in in a lot of
cases save you from having to recrawl
stuff and as far as knocking off that
white powder the aluminum oxide I have
not found anything faster the liquid
rinse is probably the second faster but
he'll that stuff's expensive all right
I'll let y'all fuckers and fuck its
later